# Password Generator
By [LemonPi314](https://github.com/LemonPi314)

Generate secure passwords consisting of random characters or words.
## Requirements
* Windows operating system
* 30 MB of free space for the executable
* 70 MB of free space for temporary files
## Usage
The main program is called `password-generator-gui.exe`. Using this program is very easy. Simply select the characters or words you want in your password and click away on the 'Generate Password' button!
### Characters
Generates a string of random characters.  
Options:
* Include lowercase letters
* Include uppercase letters
* Include numbers
* Include symbols

Below the password is a list of words and characters to help you remember the password more easily.
### Words
Generates a string of random English words.  
Options:
* Include lowercase letters
* Include uppercase letters
* Include nouns
* Include adjectives
* Include verbs

Below the password is list of the words separated by commas.

There are other variants of the program: `password-generator.exe` and `password-generator-min.exe`. Both of these are unfinished command-line variants that are stable, but it is recommended to just use the gui variant.
## Disclaimer
Passwords generated by this program are not guaranteed to be safe or secure. I am not liable for any data loss, damage, or any other consequences resulting from a password becoming compromised or from general use of this software. Use at your own risk.
## License
[MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)